doc: Bluetooth: Mesh: add subclause about mesh and ble coex (#11553)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt_mesh/concepts.rst

To guard against malicious devices replaying previous messages, every device keeps a running sequence number, which is used for outbound messages.
Each mesh message is sent with a unique pair of sequence number and source address. When receiving a message, the receiving device stores the sequence number and makes sure that it is more recent than the last sequence number it received from the same source address.

.. _mesh_concepts_coexistence:

Bluetooth LE and mesh coexistence
*********************************

> Bluetooth mesh uses the preset local identity value. For more information about advertisement identity, see :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_core`.

Reviewer: May be not easy to understand what this means. Maybe add a link to `BT_ID_DEFAULT`?

Author: There is reference to `BT_ID_DEFAULT` in upstream doc. I just added here reference to upstream. I tried to avoid documentation duplication in upstream and here. Do you think it is worth to add reference to `BT_ID_DEFAULT` either despite it presented in upstream?

Author: Added link here: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/59356
Please review.

> Bluetooth mesh uses the preset local identity value. For more information about advertisement identity, see :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_core`.
> Bluetooth mesh sample :ref:`bluetooth_ble_peripheral_lbs_coex` demonstrates how to perform correct local identity allocation
> for Bluetooth LE purposes to refuse identity conflict with Bluetooth mesh, see :file:`samples/bluetooth/mesh/ble_pripheral_lbs_coex/src/lb_service_handler.c`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bluetooth mesh uses the preset local identity value.
For more information about the advertisement identity, see :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_core`.

Bluetooth mesh sample :ref:`bluetooth_ble_peripheral_lbs_coex` demonstrates how to perform correct local identity allocation for Bluetooth LE purposes to avoid identity conflict with Bluetooth mesh.
See the file :file:`samples/bluetooth/mesh/ble_pripheral_lbs_coex/src/lb_service_handler.c` for details.
```

To guard against malicious devices replaying previous messages, every device keeps a running sequence number, which is used for outbound messages.
Each mesh message is sent with a unique pair of sequence number and source address. When receiving a message, the receiving device stores the sequence number and makes sure that it is more recent than the last sequence number it received from the same source address.

.. _mesh_concepts_coexistence:

Bluetooth LE and mesh coexistence
*********************************

Bluetooth mesh uses the preset local identity value.

> For more information about the advertisement identity, see :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_adv_identity`.

Reviewer 2: What is the label referring to? I cannot find this.

Reviewer 2: Is it the Advertisement identity section under mesh core?

Author: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/11553#discussion_r1233864549
